Affariya gotra is found in Jafarpur, Surheda, Kheda Dabar, Khera, Papravat, Kharhadi Jarnal, Hasanpur, Pandvala Kalan, Pandwala Khurd, Jhulhuli, Dariyapur, Daulatpur, Kapashera, and Bagdola. It is also present alongside other communities in Ghumanheda, Haidarpur, and Hasthsaal.
Nirwan gotra is found in Papravat, Kharkhari Nahar, Shakurpur, Jwalahedi, Begampur, Samaypur, and Badli. It is also present alongside other communities in Haidarpur and Hastsal.
Lamba gotra is found in Khera, Kapashera, Madipur, Jwalahedi, and Begampur.
Khola gotra is found in Jhuljhuli, Kapashera, Madipur, Shakurpur, and Jwalahedi. It is also present alongside other communities in Hastsal and Kamruddin Nagar.
Khatodia gotra is found in Surheda, Harjokheri, and Jwalahedi. It is also present alongside other communities in Khanpur and Babana.
Naiwal gotra is found in Bagdola. It is also present alongside other communities in Nangloi Jat and Nangloi Sayyad.
Tondak gotra is found in Kapashera. It is also present alongside other communities in Nangloi Jat.
Harad gotra is found in Madipur and Shakurpur. It is also present alongside other communities in Nangloi Sayyad.
Ghunghla gotra is found in Samaypur. It is also present alongside other communities in Bhalswa.
Sunariya gotra is found in Surheda. It is also present alongside other communities in Babana.
Rawad gotra is found in Paprawat. It is also present alongside other communities in Todapur.
Thukran gotra is found in Madipur and Begampur.
Wadgar gotra is found in Bagdola and Jwalahedi.
Motalia gotra is found in Daulatpur and Bagdola.
Kaninwal gotra is found in Kangnahedi and Seedhipura.
Nagadia gotra is found in Jafarpur.
Kakas and Simhal gotras are found in Surheda.
Ghuswariya gotra is found in Dariyapur.
Rawadiya gotra is found in Harjokheri.
Ganganiya and Saharang gotras are found in Bagdola.
Karira, Dahia, and Khoswal gotras are found in Madipur.
Khatiya gotra is found in Shakurpur.
Nikum, Bhoomi, and Kat gotras are found in Naharpur.
Dahima and Kosaliya gotras are found in Begampur.
Karaliya gotra is found in Kadipur.
Gadwal gotra is present alongside other communities in Saidulajab.
Tersiya gotra is present alongside other communities in Shadipur.
Bhakakiya gotra is present alongside other communities in Rampura.
Savlodiya gotra is found in Naharpur.
Dagar gotra is found in Pandwala Khurd, Samaypur, and Kangnahedi. It is also present alongside other communities in Chandrawal.
Gothwal gotra is found in Kharkhari Nahar and Pandwala Kalan.
Datarta gotra is found in Madipur and Kadipur. It is also present alongside other communities in Nangloi Jat and Hastsal.
Jhangdolia gotra is found in Jhuljhuli, Kangnahedi, and Harjokheri.
Gidhad gotra is found in Madipur. It is also present alongside other communities in Libaspur.
Kakodia gotra is found in Badli. It is also present alongside other communities in Mundaka.
Dahadan gotra is present alongside other communities in Saidulajab and Libaspur.
Deshwal gotra is found in Shakurpur. It is also present alongside other communities in Libaspur.
Dusad gotra is present alongside other communities in Chandrawal.
Motan gotra is present alongside other communities in Babana.
Madia gotra is present alongside other communities in Bhalswa.
Murah gotra is present alongside other communities in Libaspur.
Nigania gotra is found in Samaypur.
Multania and Tatla gotras are found in Badli.
Jhadodia and Kushak gotras are present alongside other communities in Haidarpur.
Saamp gotra is present alongside other communities in Nangloi Sayyad.
Neenav gotra is present alongside other communities in Khyala.
Jhanjhariya gotra is present alongside other communities in Pahari Dhiraj.
Harvala and Terkiya gotras are present alongside other communities in Todapur.
Jajam gotra is present alongside other communities in Mehram Nagar.
Bichwalia gotra is found in Seedhipura and Naharpur.
Pacheriya gotra is found in Shakurpur and Jwalahedi.
Khosya gotra is found in Paprawat and Shakurpur.
Bheenda gotra is found in Madipur and Naharpur.
Pairkhiya, Manganiya, and Shivaliya gotras are found in Seedhipura.
Nahariya gotra is present alongside other communities in Nangloi Jat.